---
layout: post
title: "KARMA is a flop!"
excerpt: "Yes I say, suicide is the new murder by two possibilities."
categories: articles
tags: [karma, vibes, self-help]
author: priya_dharsini
date:   2017-07-15 10:25:35 +0200
share: true
modified: 2017-07-15T11:18:57-04:00
image:
  feature: so-simple-sample-image-1.jpg
---

When the concept of karma is a flop.

Karma is a buzz word, we all use frequently in our day to day life.

## When do we use the word “Karma?.

When we can’t do anything about the current situation, when we are totally hurt and we wish that the counterpart should experience the same. Funny isn’t it?

What is Karma?

As far as I know, Karma is like a cycle where whatever caused to you by someone will happen to him/her too.
Fundamentally, the word Karma is a myth.
The concept of karma was coined, so that everyone would fear to do any bad deeds to the other person.

Now take a deep breath, look around the world. Do you still believe that this concept works?

There are so many terrorist, rapist out there doing all kinds of criminal activities and escaping from law. Okay, come on. Don’t tell me that they will suffer in their next life.. Leading to another hypothesis “rebirth”.
There is a Tamil proverb “Arasan andru kolvan, deivam nindru kolum”.
But irony is that we can’t see how god punishes the culprit, we never knew :p
Some of the activities are done in the fear of karma. Like helping others, so that someone will help us in Same kind of situation.

Karma is for the people who can’t maintain self discipline and want something to threaten them to follow it.
There are people who does wrong deeds and show off to world as if they are good, yet roaming out happily..Here aarasanum kolala, deivamum konucha nu theriyala..!!
We are all like “Natadhum roja indrey pukanum” but it’s like inikum pukathu.. enikachu pukumanum theriyathu.
So it’s better if we just follow our own self discipline and help others so that others would be just happy.
We should stop expecting something good will happen to us from our good deeds. Because expectation.

Just feel content that you have helped someone and they are happy because of you.

> "Inaiyum munaiyum idhayam endru aanaley, payanam mudiyum bayamum vitu pogatho” 

lyrics from a movie song tells you how to move on with life.

Live independently, help others , make everyone happy around you and don’t expect anything from anyone. This will make life simpler.
